Previously on How To Get Away
With Murder...
We're planning
your joint bachelor party!
My mom
is coming on Friday.
I invited
your mom too.
The jury finds
Nathaniel Calvin Lahey
not guilty
by reason of insanity.
The judge is gonna place you
in a mental facility.
[Annalise] I respect
Governor Birkhead.
I'm just one little
defense attorney
that keeps
beating her in court.
-Bring her in.
-We're gonna talk to Annalise.
About Gabriel?
Who the hell is he?
-Where the hell are you?
-Outside Julie's.
-Hey.
-Oliver.
Mom?
♪ Whoa ♪
[cell phone chimes]
[indistinct conversations]
[door creaks]
Is this about
Dad being dead?
'Cause I already
know that.
No.
-Mom finally die?
-I need you to sit.
Are you gonna
throw me some money?
'Cause those are
the only excuses
for you showing up
out of nowhere
after a freakin' decade.
Mommy?
Skyler, what are you
doing up?
You woke me.
Who's that?
That's my sister,
Bonnie.
She's your aunt.
-Who's the father?
-Some deadbeat.
He left before
she gave birth.
Did you tell Bonnie?
-What's wrong with you?
-I didn't wanna give her
more reason to go there.
She's gonna see
that little girl
and never want to leave her.
She's got her boyfriend.
She'll be okay.
I need to stay here.
Why?
She has a little girl.
I had no idea.
So I couldn't
talk to her yet.
[Annalise] And you think
that man can handle this?
-She loves the guy.
-She doesn't know him.
You have to go there
and make sure Bonnie's okay.
-Julie's clean now.
Maybe the kid's a good sign.
-The thought of Julie
having a kid is the scariest
thing I've ever heard.
That doesn't mean Bonnie
can't handle this on her own.
Bonnie isn't Bonnie
when she's around
her sister. I've seen it.
She turns back into
that abused little girl
desperate to save everyone
but herself.
I don't feel good
about this.
Listen.
I love you,
and I love
that you came,
but now
I can handle this.
Okay, we know
it's not conventional,
but it's
affordable.
And we can kill two birds
with one venue.
Yeah, the ceremony
and reception.
It's cool, right?
Oh! [giggles]
Oh, honey, I'm just
so happy for you two.
Never in my life did I believe
this day would come.
Why? 'Cause I'm such
a disaster?
No, 'cause I thought
there was never a man
who could lock you down.
-Mm.
-[chuckles] Bravo, Oliver.
[chuckles]
Mom,
what do you think?
You really
want to know?
It'll look better
once we decorate.
Yeah, just a picture--
a photo booth over there
and, you know, flowers.
And it's cheap,
which is good,
considering our bank accounts
right now.
I have some savings.
-Mom, no. We've--
-I get to spend my money
on what I want.
That's not
really the point--
Y-You know what, um, Connor?
I actually am with Joanna.
Why don't we take a look
at some other venues?
We're all here together.
Might be fun.
Yeah,
th-that's a great idea.
[siren wailing in distance]
Or we could just try
to make this place work,
you know, 'cause a wedding's
not about a location.
It's about who we invite,
and you will both
be there, so...
Whatever you say.
He's good, but who knew
he was gonna be that good?
Oh, and he looks damn good
in a suit! [chuckles]
[cell phone ringing]
-Hi.
-[Frank]
You stalking him right now?
Of course not.
Don't lie to me.
How have you kept this
a secret for this long?
I do what I got to do
to keep us safe.
Now it's your job since
you had to get all nosy.
I would do anything
to not know this.
And who do you have
to blame for that?
Just play dumb
while I head out of town.
Where are you going?
You really want to know?
Good point. Never mind.
-Now you're learning.
-Hey.
Do you know
what we're doing today?
No. But Annalise isn't here.
Should we play hooky?
[Tegan]
iCállate y escucha bien!
Professor Keating has
a professional obligation,
so I'm your boss
for the day.
Our client, Gut Suckers,
is being sued for $100 million
in punitive damages
for making false claims
about their diet pills.
The only false claim is to say
these pills actually work.
I don't care if they work.
I care about
preventing our client
from going bankrupt.
In these boxes
are trial records
for every lawsuit brought
against a diet pill company.
Find the best strategy
and bring it to me.
-I need someone to run point.
-I can do it.
Ms. Castillo,
you're taking lead.
I want a full report
by 5:00 p.m.
Um...
Ms. Price?
[quietly]
Uh, Michaela actually has
a lot more experience
in civil cases.
[quietly] Your family
almost destroyed this firm.
That's why we have to take
low-rent accounts
like Gut Suckers.
It's about time
you paid us all back.
[door opens]
Ms. Keating,
we meet at last.
Governor.
Can I be candid
with you?
I expect nothing less.
I was pissed when I saw
your last press conference.
I was screaming
at the television.
My entire staff
was hiding from me.
-I don't like to lose.
-Who does?
And that's why
I brought you here today.
To say
that I-I was wrong.
I want us to work together,
Annalise.
All this time, all you've done
is work against me.
And look
at the outcome--
public opinion is
on your side, not mine.
I had to just
take a step back
and do some soul-searching
and prayer,
and I-I came up
with a very simple truth.
Our state can do better.
I can do better.
So, here's my pitch.
I want you and I
to work together
to create the Pennsylvania
Fair Defense Project.
As head of the project,
you'd allocate funds
for public defenders,
create caseload caps.
Most important--
I want you to draft a bill
to reduce the prison
population by 50%--
a law that could be adopted
by every state in the nation
if we get it right.
The catch?
Besides having to work
hand-in-hand with a Republican?
[chuckles]
It's great publicity
for your re-election, I agree,
but I'm doing this work
already.
Yeah, but not with the power
of this office behind you.
I just signed a contract
with Caplan & Gold.
I can get you
out of that.
Mm.
And don't worry
about your law clinic.
We want you
to hire your students
to work on this project.
Now, I'll need your decision
within two days,
and until then,
this stays confidential.
[cell phone vibrating]
[door opens, closes]
[Julie] I picked up
some food on the way home
from Skyler's school.
Thought about
buying booze
to finally get you
to spill why you're here,
but can't be risking
my sobriety,
even for you.
You said he was dead.
Y-You...
lost all that blood.
Mom and Dad were freaking out,
I was alone with the baby,
and I did what
we talked about--
I left him at the hospital.
You're taking him
from the hospital here.
Dad...
beat it out of me.
Told some nurse
I was the mother,
and they let me
take him.
But...
when we got home...
...Dad drove him
somewhere.
Mom said he sold him.
To who?
I don't know.
They just said...
[sniffles]
they'd kill me
if I ever told you.
I just never wanted you
to worry about him.
That's all this was--
making sure
you never had to worry--
I swear, Bonnie.
[sobbing]
Don't tell me you believe
a word of that story.
I never said
I believed her.
So why are you still there?
For the little girl?
I came all the way out here.
I'm not leaving
until I know more.
That's what Julie wants.
She'll say whatever she needs
to suck you back in.
You said that
you would support me
no matter what I wanted.
Well, I want to know more,
and that's going to take time.
You know her.
[horn honks]
I think
you should come home.
[door creaks]
-[door closes]
-I'll call you later.
[clicks]
Annalise.
Where you going?
[Julie] N.A.
Julie.
All I want to do is
get high right now,
so trust me,
I'm doing what's good for me.
[engine starts,
car door opens]
[Nate]
I know you're frustrated.
I understand.
They just don't have any rooms
at the hospital yet.
I'm gonna
talk to D.A. Miller
about getting you
moved up the waitlist.
[sighs]
It's karma.
Never made things right
with that man's family.
Seeing those photos
at the trial...
Ohh. [clicks tongue]
Things I'd done to him.
[sighs]
I need to write
that family a letter.
It's been 30 years.
You've done your time.
Just find me
somebody to write to.
Please, son.
[door opens]
Oh, you-- you don't
need to hide that.
Yeah, so, uh, I got off
my plane from London
to a message from
an old Hotchkiss classmate
whose wife works
for the governor.
I had no clue why she wanted
to see me until I got there.
So, you turned her down?
What is this about?
Do you want more money?
Do you enjoy
humiliating me?
-Lower your voice.
-No, you signed a contract,
and I will sue your ass
if you leave!
And I'll sue you back for
verbal abuse in the workplace,
and it looks like I have
a few witnesses here, too.
-[clears throat]
-You think the board
wants to hear
that you've committed
more misconduct?
This is the same governor
I've been protecting you from
since we hired you.
I took this job
for the sole purpose
to reform the Dumpster fire
that is our public defense
system.
And, yes, maybe you've put
your ass on the line for me,
but I am
no man's savior.
I've worked too long
and too hard
to get an ounce of power
in this world,
and your ass sure as hell
is not gonna decide
what's right for me.
I'll let you know
when I've made my decision.
[door closes]
Is it okay
if I call you Mom, Mom?
-No.
-Of course, Asher.
Yes, I was already so excited
to add Oliver to the family.
-Why not one more son?
-You hear that, C-dog?
Not only are we BFFs,
but we're brothers now, too.
-Hm.
-You.
-Hey, Connor?
-[glasses clink]
[whispering] Remind me
why we invited him.
Uh, just keep him away
from my mother.
She already thinks
he's too friendly.
Oh, so I'm not the only one
she hates. Good.
-About that--
-She hates me. Don't lie.
You work with Annalise
every day.
You can easily
handle my mother.
Hey, Mom, Connor's never
had lumpia before.
Maybe you can show him
how it's made.
There won't be
any lumpia
unless someone makes
this stove work.
Oh, yeah, there's
a little trick to it.
[clicking]
I know you had to move here
to save money for the wedding,
but you want to know
another solution?
Get married in a church.
They're cheap.
Mom, we have already
talked about this.
You think God hates you.
I know.
-That is not what I said.
-Why not ask your father
for money?
-[sighing] Oh, God.
-Oliver told me he's rich.
He and I aren't
that close anymore.
Hm.
Of course you can come
to the bachelor party.
The more the merrier!
-Oh, God, no.
-Asher.
Don't be mad at Asher.
I forced him to tell me.
What mom goes to
their son's bachelor party?
The cool moms,
that's who.
Joanna and I are gonna be
on our best behavior,
isn't that right,
Jo-Jo?
Oops.
[male announcer]
Stop sucking in that gut
and shrink it instead!
[woman] Gut Suckers is
the only weight-loss pill
that actually blocks one-third
of the calories you consume
from being digested.
Go ahead. Enjoy life!
Did you hear that?
Gut Suckers' FDA application
claims that it prevents
one-third of consumed fat,
not calories,
from being digested.
That means that it's
the ad agency's fault,
not our client's.
Why is
Ms. Castillo wrong?
A corporation
assumes liability
for the actions of
its subcontractors,
including branding
and marketing,
which of course
I learned from you.
9:00 a.m. tomorrow,
I want 10 more ideas
better than this one.
You couldn't have
told me that before?
I just remembered.
Or you'll do anything
to impress her
because you're in love
with her.
Hey.
So, looks like it's my turn
to scratch your back.
-What?
-You helped me
when I was running point
on Senior's case.
It's only right
I return the favor.
I can
come by tonight.
I'm good.
[Miller] I should
be there with you.
You are.
You're talking to me.
Well, then let me find out
if what she said is true.
I can, you know,
look into
where your father was
around that time,
see who he talked to.
You digging around in
any official capacity
could get
her daughter taken away.
Saying things like that
makes me want
to come and rescue you.
What's going on?
Bonnie?
Actually,
I do need your help.
So, my baby sister's
in town.
[chuckles lightly]
She...
cut me off
when I was using a lot.
But she's here now
'cause she found out
I've been...
hiding something from her.
She thinks she's the one
that's been protecting me
this whole time,
but really it's
the other way around.
And all I've done
is try to protect her,
to the point that
I kept secrets
that ate me alive,
that made me use.
But the only way
I can tell her that
is to risk
losing her forever,
'cause if she knew
the truth,
it would kill her.
You sure there's
nothing I can do?
Frank's there.
We've got it covered.
I'm already inside this case.
I can help.
You've helped Bonnie enough.
We all have.
But I'm sure you didn't
come here to talk about her.
My pops wants to send a letter
to the Reinhoff family.
I'm looking
for an address.
But if the media gets hold
of it, or the governor--
No, the governor's
on our side now.
She offered me this job
this morning.
You trust her?
I don't trust anyone.
-Christopher.
-[chuckles]
[Asher] You want
some lumpia?
When my Oliver
was this age,
strangers would stop us
on the street
and tell me
how beautiful he was.
-People still do that!
-Mmm, Mrs. Hampton,
-this is so good.
-Honestly,
I forgot how much I missed
a home-cooked meal.
-Don't you cook for Asher?
-Mom, I told you--
they broke up.
Why'd you do that?
Look at you both.
Talk about making
a beautiful baby.
Aww, that's sweet,
but, uh,
Missy and I here are
better off as friends.
And Michaela's actually
reassessing
her interest in men
these days.
-Wait, what?
-She's kidding.
I'm focused
on work right now,
something that Laurel
should probably do
so that Tegan doesn't fire her
for failing our client.
Some ladies at church
tried Gut Suckers,
and they couldn't get off
the toilet for days.
[chuckles]
They should've called it
a liquid diet.
Mmm, who needs
another drink?
[laughter]
[whispering]
Oh, thank God.
[whispering] What,
did the lumpia get you, too?
Joanna found
a nicer wedding venue,
and she asked if
I would kick in 10 grand
so we could
surprise you.
This is so messed up.
I-I didn't have the guts
to tell her I don't
have the money.
Don't you dare feel bad.
She's the one not listening
to what we want.
What? No, I know,
but she just wants you both
to know
how loved you are.
I'm not having a wedding
that I don't want.
Why don't you just talk
to Oliver, all right?
Maybe he can
get through to her.
No, he can't.
He's afraid of her.
[clears throat]
[Oliver] You don't understand
what she gave up for me--
her friends,
some family.
That doesn't mean
you have to do
everything she says.
Actually, it does.
She never asks me for anything.
She's your mother.
She's not supposed to.
Well, fine,
but you can't be mad at me
for trying to be
a good son.
You need to tell her.
No, I'd just rather have
a big, stupid wedding.
That's not
what I'm talking about.
Look,
you are a good son.
That's painfully obvious
after seeing you two together.
[sighs]
Just feels like I have to
come out all over again.
You do.
But this time
you have me.
[Julie] You hungry?
I can order a pizza
once Skyler's asleep.
[sniffs]
Why do you have this?
The serial number's
unregistered.
So if the police found it,
you would be arrested,
Child Services
would come take Skyler.
I live alone
in a bad part of town.
I may not
be Mother of the Year,
but she's the only reason
I haven't taken that gun
and blown my brains out.
[whispering]
What about my child?
You promised me
that we would protect him,
and that was
the only thing
that got me through
those nine months, was knowing
that he wouldn't have to go
through what we went through.
[whispering]
We-- We don't know anything bad
happened to him.
[voice breaking]
Someone bought him.
Do you seriously think
they had good intentions?
I'll make it right.
Help you find him,
if that's what you want.
We can find him.
[Julie] And all I've done
is try to protect her,
but the only way
I can tell her that
is to risk losing her forever,
'cause if she knew the truth,
it would kill her.
[Frank]
What do you think?
I think Bonnie was better off
without this in her life.
I mean, what do I do?
Play it for Bonnie?
-I don't care.
-Of course you do.
Listen, I told her
to come home, she said no,
and I have enough decisions to
make right now, so you decide.
-But you're the one that
told me to come here.
-Frank!
[sighs]
I'll handle it.
Are you here
to offer me an apology?
Actually, I'm here
to accept yours.
[chuckles] Okay, you can't make
jokes if you can't take them.
I was reading over
the governor's proposal,
and from what I read,
the offer isn't exactly what
Birkhead made it out to be.
-Paragraph 12B.
-[thumps]
The project's budget
will be determined
by quarterly targets
to reduce
the incarceration rate.
Failure to meet
those targets
will result in you
having your funding frozen.
This is your best argument
to turn down the job?
This project,
it's a smokescreen, Annalise.
She knows
she can't beat you,
so she's gonna bury you
in bureaucracy instead.
If you can't see that,
I can't help you.
[ringing]
[receptionist]
Governor Birkhead's office.
Hi, this is
Annalise Keating.
I was hoping to speak
to Governor Birkhead.
One moment, please.
[Governor Birkhead]
Ms. Keating.
I was hoping
to hear from you.
Unless you're calling
to turn down my offer.
I have concerns
about the budget--
specifically,
paragraph 12B.
You're uncomfortable
with the quarterly targets?
Making change
doesn't come cheap.
I'll need a set budget,
regardless of our progress.
I'll talk to my people.
Anything else
you're bumping on?
I want a pardon
for Nathaniel Lahey Senior.
He's waiting for placement
in a mental-health facility,
but he would prefer
to live with his son.
A pardon would be the only way
to make that happen.
[exhales sharply]
That is a-a bold request.
So is asking me
to work for you.
These decisions
have to be vetted
by the Board of Pardons,
but...
I'll look into it
and see what I can do, okay?
Okay.
[gasps] Handsome!
I...hate it.
Why? Too tight
in the crotch?
No, M-- Mom,
let's just look
for something that's
a little more modern.
I don't want to clash
with Connor.
Right,
'cause this wedding
is about what he wants.
Why don't you like him?
Before you met him,
you had a good job,
a good place to live.
It was my idea to move.
How am I supposed to know that
when you never call me?
Come on.
We talk every few weeks.
We used to talk
every day.
So what happened?
Did I do something
to make you mad?
Or is it him?
Mom, Connor's not the reason
that I've been pulling away.
Are you sure?
He's very bossy.
[laughs]
Um, I've been avoiding
telling you something.
First of all, uh,
I'm-- I'm fine
and... healthy.
Healthy?
Why wouldn't you be healthy?
I'm HIV-positive.
Th-- I-I'm undetectable,
which means that the-- the--
the medicine is working,
and so that's good,
and I'm gonna live
a happy, healthy life
for a long time,
just like everybody else, so...
I just didn't tell you
so you wouldn't worry.
But you not telling me
does make me worry.
Mom, the first thing
you told me when I came out
is that you wanted me
to be safe.
We both know
what that meant.
And I...
...and I am-- I am safe,
e-even though
this happened.
Just...
I'm ashamed
that it happened.
[sniffles] Even though
I don't want to be, but...
I guess I just hate
disappointing people,
especially you.
So...
I'm-- I'm sorry.
And I shouldn't say that.
This doesn't have to be
such a big deal, but, um...
I'm-- I'm--
I'm really sorry.
Look at me.
Oliver.
I'm here for you
until the day I die,
no matter what.
I just hate
that you felt
you had to go through this
all alone.
I wasn't alone.
I had Connor.
Then he should've
told me.
[laughs]
Let's hear it,
Ms. Castillo.
Or am I gonna have to tell
Keating you're a failure?
I guess we'll see.
What's this?
The precedent that's gonna save
our clients from bankruptcy.
In 1993, a class action
was filed against Trim-Me.
Like all diet pills,
the Trim-Me recipe
is nearly identical
to Gut Suckers'--
caffeine mixed in with
some other inert fillers.
The judge ruled
Trim-Me had to offer
a 50% refund
to every customer.
In exchange,
the company would be protected
from all claims
of damages.
So, I suggest
we offer the judge
the Trim-Me precedent.
That way,
instead of paying $100 million
in potential damages,
Gut Suckers pays out
what we've estimated to be
only $5 million.
This is
a rare occurrence,
but I'm actually impressed,
Ms. Castillo.
Good work.
To be honest, I couldn't
have done it without Michaela,
so she deserves
some of your love, too.
I'll make sure
to give you both credit
when I talk
to Mr. Crawford.
Maybe you're the one
who wants to get in her pants.
I would never
steal her away from you.
-You killed it.
-Thanks.
We'll have to toast to you
at the bachelor party.
-I didn't invite you.
-I know.
Asher did.
I'll see you both there.
How is he
friends with Asher?
-No idea.
-[sighs]
Under the principle
of stare decisis,
the court must follow
the Trim-Me precedent,
so I just need your approval
to go to the client,
advise them to settle.
If they say yes,
Gut Suckers will be paying
more in our legal fees
than they will
to the customers.
This is the part where
you say, "Great job."
What's going on?
Did Keating accept
the governor's offer?
She told you about that?
I know everything
that happens in this building.
I also know
what she wants--
it's what we all want--
to be wanted.
'Cause we can't afford
to lose her right now,
especially when I'm out whoring
myself for diet-pill money.
So beg her to stay--
even if that means getting down
on your hands and knees,
'cause that woman's not
gonna stand for anything less.
And honestly,
I kind of love her
for that.
[Miller] So I made
some calls about your dad.
The mental-health facility
waiting list is a beast.
-That's why I came to you.
-Except when you're
the D.A. of Philadelphia
asking for a favor.
They're gonna transfer
your dad to Wilson Park
Hospital tonight.
It's one of
the best in the state.
He'll be in good hands.
Thanks.
Go tell the old man.
How's Bonnie doing?
It's just a bad flu,
but she'll be
okay soon.
Good.
[Julie] And all I've done
is try to protect her,
but the only way
I can tell her that
is to risk losing her forever,
'cause if she knew the truth,
it would kill her.
I went through
her record again,
found this.
Julie was arrested for
trespassing in some house
a year after she took
the baby from the hospital.
Same family
lives there,
with a kid the same age
yours would be.
His name's Jake.
Your dad must've
sold the baby to 'em.
Julie knew,
couldn't help herself, so...
she went to check on him,
and they called the cops.
She knows
who your son is, Bon.
-[papers rustle]
-She's always known.
[Joanna]
There you are.
Sorry about this.
We wouldn't have let them
plan the party
-if we knew
you were coming--
-Sit.
You made this?
Oliver did.
When he was 10.
He was always trying to marry
his Power Rangers.
The other boys
didn't get it.
I didn't get it.
So, when he came out to me
all those years later,
my first thought
was this book,
how he would never get
the wedding he wanted.
I know how much
you mean to my son.
And I can only assume
he means just as much to you.
He does.
He's been through so much.
You know that.
He deserves this.
And so do you.
And I won't be upset
if the ceremony
happens to be in a church.
[knock on door]
I still haven't
made my decision.
So hear me out.
I know you think
the only reason I got angry
was because you leaving
would screw me with the board.
That's not
why I got upset.
I admire what you're doing,
Annalise.
That's why I fought the board
to fund your clinic.
And why I looked into
Birkhead's proposal
to see if it was a sham,
which it is.
She's considering
pardoning Nate Senior.
-You can't trust her.
-But I can trust you?
I can see
why you wouldn't.
I haven't really
been open with you.
I didn't ask you to be.
You shouldn't
have to worry about
who you're working for,
though.
My misconduct wasn't some
gross thing in a copy room.
It was me falling in love
with a client.
I thought
she loved me too,
but the fact
that it's now labeled
in some H.R. file
as "misconduct"--
let's just say
that was the firm's way
of protecting themselves.
-I'm not a bad guy.
-I never said you were.
Then stay.
Please.
Use me to help you
fight this fight.
I promise I will have
your back at every turn.
'Cause I am more than
willing to destroy
whoever gets in your way.
I cleared my schedule as soon
as I heard you were coming.
I'm turning down the job.
Why?
Well, I just
don't buy it--
the sudden change of heart,
the caring about people
who can't vote for you.
You're wrong about me.
I doubt that.
I'm not your enemy,
even though it might be
a hell of a lot easier
for you to see me that way
rather than the person
that I truly am--
an ally reaching
across the aisle
to make real,
positive change
-because that is what
this world needs right now.
-No.
What the world needs is someone
with no political motives
fighting for
the people in this state
who are
wrongly imprisoned.
That's me.
So, you don't want
to hear about the pardon?
The board agreed
to free Nathaniel Lahey.
You just need
to accept the job.
[train whistle blows
in distance]
All these years, and he was
20 minutes from our house?
Just be honest with me.
Please, just tell me
the truth for once.
Dad was gonna keep him.
At home, with us.
So, on our way back
from the hospital...
we stopped at a light,
and...
...I jumped out of the car
and started running.
I didn't stop
till I reached that house.
And there were woods.
And I promised you
I'd protect him.
So that's what I did.
I buried him.
[all] Eight, nine, 10!
All right,
go, Pam Sandwich!
-Trust the gay force!
-Whoo!
-You got this, Pam!
-Whoo-hoo-hoo!
Put those lips
right on his stuff!
[indistinct shouting]
[cheers]
All right, Joanna,
it's your turn.
[cheers, laughter]
-All right!
-Yeah!
Hey, Dad. It's me.
If you get a chance,
could you give me a call back?
I wanted to talk
about the wedding.
-[cup clatters]
-Where's li'l man?
Oh, asleep, but I should
go check on him.
-I don't like you that way.
-What?
It's why you've been
avoiding me, right?
Relax.
You're not my type.
Plus, I'd never hit on you
knowing it hasn't been
that long
since what happened
to Wes.
You know about Wes?
The whole school knows.
But you asked me
if Christopher's dad
was still in the picture.
I only did that
so you didn't think
I was some
creepy stalker.
Well,
now I do think that.
[chuckles]
I'm not.
I'm just sorry about everything
you've gone through.
[Asher, amplified]
Attention, party-goers!
Please make your way
into the living room
for a very important
safety demonstration
from Firefighter Freddy.
-Whoo!
-Oww, oww, oww, oww!
-[chanting] Party, party!
-[laughs]
Don't talk to me
anymore.
♪ I never had to doubt ♪
♪ That if you do everything
you said you'd... ♪
You got bumped.
-Top of the waitlist.
-[buzzing, door opens]
They're gonna transfer you
to the new place tonight.
-[door closes]
-How did you do that?
-Pig privileges.
-[chuckles]
Here's the address
for your letter.
Reinhoff's got a brother
down in Georgia.
Name's Eugene.
I know
you don't approve...
...but writing this letter
will be the sanest thing
I've done in years.
-All right.
-Thank you.
[Senior] "Dear Eugene,
my name is Nathaniel Lahey,
and I'm the man responsible
for the death
of your brother, Gerald."
[2WEI's "Pushin' On" plays]
"Here I finally am,
writing the apology
I should've a long time ago."
I had every intention
of turning her down.
But then I couldn't.
Not when I could
free the man
whose case
gave me back my career.
This job has the power
to help me do
something right and good.
It's bigger than you, me,
this firm.
[exhales deeply]
So that's
what I'm choosing.
I have Ms. Keating
in my office.
Please relieve her
of her badge and escort her
directly out
of the building.
She no longer works here.
♪ I'll be ♪
♪ I'll be pushin' on ♪
♪ Oh ♪
[Senior] "I spent the last
30 years in a cell,
thinking I was in pain.
But you've been
in the real pain--
the kind
that never goes away."
Who are you calling?
Hi, I'd like to report
an unregistered,
unlocked firearm
in a home
where a child lives.
[cell phone beeps]
You'd hate yourself
tomorrow.
[Senior] "You lost
your brother before his time,
and it was at my hand.
There's no words
to make up for that sin.
I was sure I'd spend
the rest of my days
paying for what I did.
But then my son
came back to me,
helped me get
a second chance."
-What's wrong now?
-Your dad's gonna be
a free man.
You mean the transfer?
I mean he's gonna be
pardoned by the governor.
The paperwork
clears in a week,
just enough time to make space
for your new roommate.
"My son chose to love me
in spite of all
the bad things I've done."
-[buzzer sounds]
-I wish I could
trade places
with your brother."
It's time
for your transfer, Lahey.
Van's here.
[keys clanging]
"Give him
the second chance I got."
[man] Mr. Lahey?
Yeah, I'm waiting to talk
to my pops. He there?
Hold a moment.
[Senior] "I promise to spend
the rest of my life
carrying the weight of
all the pain I've caused you."
♪ Take ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
[woman] Mr. Lahey, I-I'm afraid
there's been an incident.
What does that mean?
"Incident"?
♪ Take ♪
[Senior]
"Let it go now, sir.
All that pain
and all that grief.
I've got it from here.
'Cause that's the least
that I owe you."
♪ I'll be pushin' on, oh ♪
"Sincerely...
...Nathaniel Lahey Senior."
[police radio chatter]